Initial docs for AbstractTestTask refactor (#35431)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

ADD RELEASE FEATURES BELOW
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv -->

### Testing refactoring
The HTML report generated by the `test` task, `TestReport`, and other `AbstractTestTask` users now provides a more detailed view of the test results.
This is due to a refactoring of the testing infrastructure to use the incubating `TestEventReporter` API internally.
Additionally, the binary output has been adjusted to support non-class-based testing frameworks better.

> In the following sections, "suite" refers to specifically the suite features of JUnit 4, JUnit Jupiter, and TestNG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following sections:
- "Suite" refers specifically to the suite features of JUnit 4, JUnit Jupiter, and TestNG.
```

A general grouping of tests is instead referred to as a "container".

#### Nested test changes

> For JUnit 4 and Jupiter, nested test classes are now represented as nested under their enclosing class in the HTML report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For JUnit 4 and JUnit Jupiter, nested test classes are now shown nested under their enclosing class in the HTML report.
```

For example, if you had an `OuterClass` with an `InnerClass` nested inside it, it would previously be shown as:
```text
+ OuterClass$InnerClass
|-- someTestMethodInInnerClass
```
It will now be reported in the HTML report as:
```text
+ OuterClass
|-+ InnerClass (or OuterClass$InnerClass for JUnit 4)
  |-- someTestMethodInInnerClass
```

> And for multiple inner classes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With multiple inner classes:
```

```text
+ OuterClass
|-+ InnerClass1 (or OuterClass$InnerClass1 for JUnit 4)
  |-- someTestMethodInInnerClass1
  + InnerClass2 (or OuterClass$InnerClass2 for JUnit 4)
  |-- someTestMethodInInnerClass2
```

> In the XML report, nested classes remain the same, emitting `TEST-OuterClass$InnerClass.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XML report remains the same, nested classes are still written as `TEST-OuterClass$InnerClass.xml`.
```

#### Parameterized test changes
Parameterized tests now create a suite that contains all the parameterized test cases for a given method.
For example, if you had a class `TestClass` with two parameterized `paramTest1/2` methods, it would previously be shown as:
```text
+ TestClass
|-- paramTest1[0]
|-- paramTest1[1]
|-- paramTest1[2]
|-- paramTest2[a]
|-- paramTest2[b]
|-- paramTest2[c]
```
It will now be reported in the HTML report as:
```text
+ TestClass
|-+ paramTest1
  |-- paramTest1[0]
  |-- paramTest1[1]
  |-- paramTest1[2]
|-+ paramTest2
  |-- paramTest2[a]
  |-- paramTest2[b]
  |-- paramTest2[c]
```

#### Suite changes
Suites now contain the classes they run, rather than those classes being shown as siblings.
For example, if you had a suite `AllTests` that ran `TestClass1` and `TestClass2`, it would previously be shown as:
```text
+ AllTests
+ TestClass1
|-- someTestMethodInClass1
+ TestClass2
|-- someTestMethodInClass2
```
It will now be reported in the HTML report as:
```text
+ AllTests
|-+ TestClass1
  |-- someTestMethodInClass1
|-+ TestClass2
  |-- someTestMethodInClass2
```

> In the XML report, only the class report is emitted now, in `TEST-SomeTestClass.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the XML report, only the class report is emitted (`TEST-SomeTestClass.xml`).
```

#### Package suite changes
Packages are no longer represented as containers in the report for multiple reasons.
First, due to the usage of this report for non-class-based testing, it's currently not possible for Gradle to know if a container is a class,

> so synthesizing a package container would be misleading when the container is not a class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Second, this aligns more closely with how testing frameworks and IDEs group tests.

> #### Test standard output / standard error changes

Author: Keeping this as-is since I want to differentiate from potential test logging changes.

The standard output and standard error (collectively, "output") is no longer combined from each individual test to the container/class level, making it easier to find output relevant to a specific test.
Before and after class output is now associated with the correct class in JUnit 4, JUnit Jupiter, and TestNG (starting with TestNG 6.9.13.3).

> Before and after suite/container output is also associated with the correct suite/container for JUnit 4 (starting with JUnit 4.13), JUnit Jupiter, and TestNG (starting with TestNG 6.19.13.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before and after suite or container output is now associated with the correct suite/container for JUnit 4 (starting with JUnit 4.13), JUnit Jupiter, and TestNG (starting with TestNG 6.19.13.3).
```

#### Aggregate report changes

> The aggregate report generated by the [Test Report Aggregation Plugin](userguide/test_report_aggregation_plugin.html) or manually with `TestReport` now also supports overlapping test structures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aggregate report generated by the [Test Report Aggregation Plugin](userguide/test_report_aggregation_plugin.html) or manually with `TestReport` now supports overlapping test structures,
```
